hi everyone Terry TG here I come to you
today to review a product that i got for
christmas and i said after I used it
awhile i would review it and what today
i'm talking about the Amazons teka now i
have an assistant near my husband scott
he's going to plug it in really quick so
he can leave I just wanted I moved it in
here and i want to show you how quickly
it will connect to the internet if you
move it around or when you first get it
how well it works connecting to the
internet so the blue thing these just
working it's trying to find the internet
connection and i have slow internet so
if it takes a little bit you'll know why
alexa okay still doing that so we'll
wait for that hook up okay what is the
Amazon echo if it's just a fun fun thing
we absolutely love it and it's just this
little device that you put in your house
and you try it on and you can ask a
question and you let to do things and
listen to music and it has great sound
and hello hello I life stuff hello
anyway hi okay she choked up she's ready
to go I will demonstrate that in a
minute but I wanted to show you this an
easy hook we what you do when you first
open it is you just plug it in you
download the Alexa app on it's just she
just heard her name so I try not to say
that word anymore that thinks I'm
waiting to us or question you download
the app it's free and then it's walk you
through the setup and it takes maybe
five minutes okay we bought these for my
daughter's both my daughters and son in
laws for my husband's parents and for us
we got these for everyone for Christmas
and I was no puppet 179 99 there is
another version of this called the dot
the Amazon dot and it's only 49 99
but it is more to hook up if you already
have a great bluetooth speaker it's more
for that okay you hook the real thing up
your bluetooth speaker and then it works
like this this is speaker and everything
I just wanted one unit even though it
was a lot my mind it's this thing
necessary in your life probably not but
it's a whole lot of fun and when I show
you a couple things it does your cost to
get a lot 1 all right on Amazon you can
go on and review it not as you it read
all the reviews it has four and a half
stars and the good things about it I
made a list right here easy hookup is
super convenient it has great sound it
has great voice recognition better than
Cirie I think it recognizes your voice
so well and it knows what you're saying
it works with iOS android kindle fire
all those things and what do you do when
you open your apple brand new there's
something called skills and that is what
you're going to download for free
they're called skills and their the
different things that Alexa can do such
as music I love play music on her I
gives you the way I go through my
pandora but I'm an Amazon Prime user so
i think i'm able to get a lot more music
if you're not a member of amazon prime
you are missing out if you ever order
from amazon it is the greatest thing i'm
upset my mom had it a year before me and
I just decided to try it I love it so
much you also get movies and things
whatever but I'm just saying express
okay I'm in the front so i think i have
access to more music but you can use
pandora i think you can use Spotify
anything you want okay if it's on the
internet you can probably use it on
Alexa okay what am I she heard me again
I put into that little bump sound um so
that I would know she heard me because
we think are many other process IL
a minute my favorite thing I'll do this
now because this is one of my favorite
thing she sits in our family right are
on my bar part in the kitchen
family-room area and I love this Alexa
add coffee to my shopping list I am just
coffee to your shopping list are you
kidding man y'all that is the greatest
thing because I'm walking around I'm
cooking I'm pouring out the middle
that's beyond now all I have to do is
stick it to get a pen and a paper pencil
anything and then that whole shopping
list does autumn to your phone or
wherever you have your skills downloaded
it goes on to your fault and when you're
at the store you just open your phone is
everything's there that you have told
her to put on your list and as you run
out of things out of the grocery store
very often so as I ran out of things up
yet this is genius here's another thing
that I love Alexa add Layla's birthday
too much ado lift Lily's birthday on
your to-do list now that's another thing
that's going to be on my phone and
that's to remind me that for birthdays
in three day but I've got to go get her
some present so that's another skill
that i absolutely love another skill
that uh no I'm not utilized is there
some cooking skills and you can look up
recipes and everything and then either
cooking she will walk you through the
recipe so when your hands are in the
meat wealth and they're all disgusting
and you just it it just so know about
future I haven't been yet but I know
that's probably going to be a great
skill this is another skill that i love
timer I am Telling You it is the
greatest thing I used it all the time
let's say I said my clothes in the
washing machine I am terrible about
forgetting about them or the drug
forgetting about them so my washing
machine has a thing that shows you in a
long disciples
just going to be so as soon as i hit
start I tell her to set the timer for 40
minutes or whatever it is and it will go
up and I never forget things like that
it's amazing I'll give you a little
example of that Alexa set my timer for
one minute one minute thirty now okay
another thing you can do is you set
alarm like if you want to do an alarm
for you Alexa set the alarm for 1105 so
its ardent esta a lot for what time 1115
a.m. alarm set for 1115 am okay and you
can also go instead how your alarm
sounds and for a while ahead Alec
Baldwin wakey be efforts are doing my on
a lot of timers are two different things
there's a super easy and you can set
more than one alarm you can set more
than one time or the other night thought
I were cooking and we have a lot to
finish we have a second alarm events and
you kind of have to think about it your
head but you know something was
simmering on the stove and something
within the oven but we did which was
which so you can ask for a news briefing
it's called I think the flash briefing
and go in and sit wind fluttering and
you up CNN you want Fox News you want
NPR you to switch person or wiki so to
see you alarm I know that's the timer I
set for one minute celexa stop okay you
can somehow you can set it up to do
traffic like if you go to the same place
every morning and you're getting ready
for work we say what's my commute time
it will tell you how long you have to
you know how long it is to get to work
so you can kind of keep track of every
one of those people that have might run
late sometimes there's a radio app
there's a certain talk show I love to
listen to during the day and so I just
go to I contract and I tell them the
stations and I just tell them station it
turns on love love love and
that's it my alarm to go off at the
exact time that the sheriff's going to
start what I don't forget cuz I never
have my TV on turn the day so I
sometimes forget about the outside world
you can also do this Alessa tell me a
joke I'm reading a book about
anti-gravity it's impossible to put down
say they're not they're very clean and
very funny and my grandkids love it I
don't want to be too man i'm going to
tell you something that happened to that
so that you need to know if there's a
ton of games there's trivia there's a
jeopardy game that's got my life in play
it's just so fun now things that i have
not used that are available smart home
devices if you have certain light bulbs
or things plugged in if you can control
the lights you if you actually told
every electronic electric thing you know
in your home you can do it by voice we
are ok it's turning our own lights on
but you can do that you can download
audio books on it you can use Kindle
books it will read them to you so if you
don't have to have had possums in your
phone with you that works wonderfully I
love it so much oh you can order amazon
products on if I think you have to order
them before not really sure how that
works let me say what happens Christmas
Day we unlock undies and my didn't quite
got one and everything and so if the kid
was fascinated with and so what if my
grandpa said her name and he fifth order
made a chocolate smoothie and we all
laugh like she's going to get milk he
didn't even say order me he just said I
wanted tufflips movie immediately she
started lifting chocolate smoothie mixes
off of amazon and we were like no I
gotta so you can set up I mean he could
afford it but I have a past
online he couldn't have actually so
always the past other like you don't
want anyone else in your help to order
things but the teenagers or whatever so
there's some things I these are just
haunted kids kids after having used
there's a TV alpha habit yep I'm calling
it an app it's a skill there's a dim
skill where you can do meditation or
whatever there's yoga oh there's
something else called seven-minute
workout and I've done that once but you
set up do you say storm I seven-minute
workout and you sit there and you do
whatever it tells you to do in how many
reps to tell me to do in it tell you how
to do it and it's really really easy and
quick and right there's your fingertips
now my what age is this before I think
it's good for any age because it's so
technically easy to use we gave discuss
parents they are in their 80s and we're
really not sure I mean believe me I have
my receipt because we would have
returned it but we can get over to their
house we set it up we downloaded a bunch
of skills for them they love it in fact
I've got an email from my mother-in-law
about six weeks out of it after we say
we're using it and they said we love
love love our Alexa okay she didn't hear
me I was an incident we love love love
it and we don't know how we ever live
with us I mean I download a serene and
all kind of pandora stations he told me
exactly what he wanted you know Frank
Sinatra the three tenors all these
everything so they listen to music and
they use they use quite a few of the s
but one of the apps were going to spend
and Tony on this weekend one of the FM
is set up for them is called my buddy it
is an app where you can um you get the
skill skill feel is a skill you get you
done with the skill and then you set up
on their phone numbers like Scott's dad
have had a stroke and he can walk fine
but he's a little unsteady and he has
all imply a few times with default
anywhere in the downstairs and we can
you allow enough he can say
my buddy call my contact or something
like owner of the exact phrase and
whatever phone numbers he has if he's
home alone it can call his wife you know
my mom is mother-in-law cell phone it
can call our phones it can call their
daughters phone in California has called
911 whatever you set up it will call so
I think that's really really cool for an
elderly person you know whatever
whatever they need you know you can just
set it up call your kids or whoever
immediately it will call them and if
there's no answers you know something's
wrong you know what I'm saying so I
think that's a great app and we're going
to set that up for the wall or visiting
this weekend what else was I Cannon said
about it i don't know i'm going to link
it below for you if you want to read the
reviews and everything always we use it
all the time you know whether all the
time we use it for whether that's a
great thing you can ask for the weather
anywhere in the world actually after the
temperature come try to think there's
any of our other favorite apps there's
um skills there's just so so many of
them okay now i'm going to demonstrate
it i'm going to play some music you can
hear this sound oh you can also pass the
top of it and we grab it it's plugged in
down there go be careful you can test
the top of it to turn it off we've never
done that if you want to turn it up and
down by this you can but you can also
ask her to turn it up and down just by
boy everything's by boys oh so and I
don't think it's very you know ugly you
can also get it in black if that fits
your design of your own better and I
believe you can buy that little dot the
14 I 9140 991 4999 one and have it like
upstairs like if you have this
downstairs and have that upstairs you
can use that one upstairs so they kind
of work simultaneous
so pretty cool let's see let me see
Alexa play led zeppelin on my pandora
app getting your lift up the radio
station some tunes or okay i'm going to
turn it up just a little because i can't
play much of it now pretty good alaska
saw sounds pretty cool i hope i don't
get flash for you see max on 45 seconds
but ok one thing i wanted to demonstrate
to you is when is she listening to you
now obviously you know there's issues
with it but i think everything in our
home front I know our own can listen to
it you know a lot of things are
listening to us so if that bothers you
don't get this but according to amazon
she is only listening to you when you
say her name and the blue light goes on
so let me get and we see if I can do
okay Alexa okay this is when she's
listening to me when this is on now I
didn't say I didn't ask her anything so
she didn't respond to me because she
knows when you're asking her something
she's kind of knows and she most of
times she knows if it's an accident like
that I didn't you know how anything to
say so I wanted to let you know that
with the blue lights on that is when
she's listening now if you're worried
about something I asked me if you can
always turn it off you can just tell her
return fell off and she does and then
you can have private conversations I
mean I don't think I I don't know if my
life is just not an issue but I wanted
to explain that people that might be
concerned you might have everyone
get something like this because of that
you know I mean that's a personal choice
that you make but I absolutely love it
and it doesn't bother me now because I'm
not a criminal plotting and planning
murders and the only thing I felt stuff
the other day when we're having these
political discussions we're cleaning
turn Alexa off because it's so much
recording us yeah anyway that's it ok
that was just another thing a lot of
jack